Update code style (attributes after doc comments) (#95)
XdotRS/xrb: CONTRIBUTING.md

[`x11::event`]: https://github.com/XdotRS/xrb/blob/main/src/x11/event.rs

## Code style

> ### Attributes and Documentation
> 
> A lot of types and fields in xrb uses attributes, such as `#[derive(...)]` or other custom ones.
> To keep the code easely readable, those a preferably put after documentation comments.
> 
> Here is an example:
> ```rust
> /// # Foo
> /// Documentation about [Foo]
> #[doc(alias("foo"))]
> #[derive(Debug, Hash, X11Size)]
> pub struct Foo {
>     /// Documentation about the [data] field
>     #[custom_attribute_field]
>     pub data: Any,
> 
>     /// Other doc
>     pub other_field: Any,
> }
> ```
> 
> Doing this helps grouping code related syntax together, so when documentation is taking a lot of place,
> it's not splitting elements far away from each other (if, for example attributes are placed before the doc comments).
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### Placement of attributes
Many types and fields in XRB use attributes.  To keep the source code consistent and easily readable, attributes should be put _after_ doc comments.

For example, do this:
```rust
/// A foo which does bar.
#[doc(alias = "baz")]
#[derive(Debug, Hash, X11Size)]
pub struct Foo {
	/// Data which represents xyz.
	#[custom_attribute]
	pub data: Any,

	/// The other field within this `Foo`.
	pub other_field: Any,
}
```
But **not** this:
```rust
#[derive(Debug, Hash, X11Size)]
/// A foo which does bar.
#[doc(alias = "baz")]
pub struct DoNotDoThis {
	#[custom_attribute]
	/// Data which represents xyz.
	pub data: Any,

	/// The other field within this `DoNotDoThis`.
	pub other_field: Any,
}
```

This consistently groups related syntax together - you know you'll always find the attributes after the documentation, if the documentation is quite long for example, and that you're looking at all of the attributes at once.
````
